Here I'm going to talk a little about my code. In main.cpp, I mainly initialized the parameter of the pid controller, and applied the update & calculate of the final error function. The main structures of the code is in PID.cpp. In the Init function, all the parameters are initialized by the input value, i_error and p_error is set to 0. Here I chose to give the p_error 0 as initial value because I didn't find a way to put the original vehicle postion to it, and after one cycle the p_error would be set to the previous error, it should work just fine and the simulation proved it. About the UpdateError and TotalError function, there isn't really anything new but what we learned in the lessons.

I tuned the hyperparameters mannually. To get a smooth start, I first used the parameter from the lesson (kp=0.2, ki=0.004, kd=3.0). It turns out the lesson parameter can make the code work but the car swings at some turns. The d controller controls how fast the swing ends. Thus I tried to increase the kd to 3.5 to make it swing less. After this the swing did decreas, however, at some sharp turns the car trajectory was very close to the edge, which means the adjustment when error occurs should be more. Thus the kp was increased to 0.3. After several cycles I finally got the current parameters which works fine in my opinion. As for the ki, I found the car stayed near the lane center most of the time without much bias, I left it be.

After I tuned the parameter mannually, I also tried to add twiddle to the code and make it choose suitable parameters according to the road curve instead of using fixed parameters. Unfortunately the car just wouldn't move as soon as I add the twiddle (line 68-69). I have no idea why. The mentor suggest me to submit since my code can work. So I'm wondering if I can get some hint from the review? Just want to know what's wrong. Thanks.
